Fixed links to examples, added examples/README.md, improved some names. (#1542)
wasp-lang/wasp: examples/README.md

Example Wasp apps
=================

> These are officially maintained example Wasp apps!  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a list of all officially maintained Wasp example apps!
```
Conveys the same message without relying on the text that follows.

> Most of them are relatively small and demonstrate a couple of interesting Wasp features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of these apps are relatively small, and each one demonstrates several of Wasp's interesting features.
```

> **tutorials** dir contains [Wasp tutorial](https://wasp-lang.dev/docs/tutorial/create) apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **tutorials** directory contains [Wasp tutorial](https://wasp-lang.dev/docs/tutorial/create) apps.
```

1. **todo-typescript**

>     - A simple task tracking app implemented in TypeScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A simple task-tracking app implemented in TypeScript.
```

    - Demonstrates: **full-stack type safety in Wasp via TypeScript**, [auth](https://wasp-lang.dev/docs/auth/overview), [rpc](https://wasp-lang.dev/docs/data-model/operations/overview)

2. **waspello**
    - A simple Trello clone.

>     - Demonstrates: **[optimistic updates](https://wasp-lang.dev/docs/data-model/operations/actions#the-useaction-hook-and-optimistic-updates)**, [auth](https://wasp-lang.dev/docs/auth/overview), [rpc](https://wasp-lang.dev/docs/data-model/operations/overview)

Reviewer: Unless someone implemented this without me noticing, I don't believe it does :D

3. **hackaton-submissions**
    - An app for organizing your own hackaton.
    - Demonstrates: [tailwind](https://wasp-lang.dev/docs/project/css-frameworks#tailwind), [rpc](https://wasp-lang.dev/docs/data-model/operations/overview)

4. **waspleau**

>     - A simple clone of Tableau; it regularly pulls in external data and shows it via nice dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A simple clone of Tableau. The app regularly pulls in external data and shows it on a nice dashboard.
```

    - Demonstrates: **[jobs](https://wasp-lang.dev/docs/advanced/jobs)**, analytics

5. **thoughts**
    - A simple note-taking app organized around the concept of hashtags.
    - Demonstrates: [db seeding](https://wasp-lang.dev/docs/data-model/backends#seeding-the-database), [auth](https://wasp-lang.dev/docs/auth/overview), [rpc](https://wasp-lang.dev/docs/data-model/operations/overview)

6. **realworld**

>     - Medium clone (https://github.com/gothinkster/realworld - mother of all demo apps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A Medium clone (https://github.com/gothinkster/realworld - the mother of all demo apps).
```
